The stone weighed heavily on my back as I strained against it. Grunting, I dug my feet into the soft loam and heaved the boulder past the last bit of resistance, and felt it slide into the hollow that seemed custom built to contain it. The path into the tree was clear.

---- The Map ----

I don't know where I first found the map. It seems like it had always been there, sitting on my shelf, just waiting for me to be drawn to it. And like a moth to a flame, I couldn't stay away. It was hard to decipher - the labels were english in only the loosest of senses, and the drawings abstract, as though the map had been drawn straight from the fever dreams of a dying man. And yet, I couldn't stop. The yearning to follow the map and find what lay at the end was overpowering,

The first step was a trip to the library (or trips, as the case may be). My hometown's library was nothing extravagant, but it had an excellent selection of maps and travel logs and their internet connection was the envy of the rest of the town.

"Back again?" The librarian asked cheerfully, pushing a cart stacked high with books. I had become a common sight here as of late, hunched over one of the library computers with a spread of atlases around me. The map itself sat propped against the screen - having been laminated, it had acquired that characteristic flexible stiffness that made it much easier to handle than the original floppiness of the parchment.

I turned to her and shrugged, giving her a sheepish smile and waiting for her to move along. I was not the most social of characters at the best of times, and my obsession with the map had seemingly drained me of my remaining social niceties. Nonetheless, the librarians were eminently tolerant of me so long as I picked up after myself, and I was able to spend countless hours attempting to match the curved lines on the map to a place in the real world. Luckily, my job as a contracted copy-editor afforded me the freedom to do so - had I a 9-5 job, I would certainly have been fired after the first week spent researching instead of working.

Turning back to the computer, my smile quickly collapsed into line. I had been looking over the same set of coordinates for nearly a week. I was certain I was close - the curvy line of the far right of the map was nearly a perfect match for the shore of Lake Lightarrow, but what the rest of the map referred to was still opaque to me.

I leaned back in my chair and clenched my eyes for a few moments. The glare from the screen was relatively mild, but focusing on it for too long could easily give me a headache that would set me back hours, if not days.

'Focus,' I mulled the word over in my mind as I settled the chair back onto the ground. 'Focus, focus, focus focus focus focus...' That's when it hit me. Focus was the key - or rather, was not the key. I straightened up and defocused, and just like a magic eye puzzle, the answer popped into view. The swirls and curls on the map were not terrain at all - they were topology! The mountains and valleys on the screen were a perfect match to the map beside them, if I stopped paying so much attention to the details within them. 

Now I knew where the map was set. All I had to do now was follow it.